Money FAQ:

Q: Is this a charitable donation?

A: No. Because of the potential commercial applications of anything done with PostgreSQL, the fundraising for this project is being handled by a for-profit company.  Corporations donating to the project can, of course, declare their contributions as a marketing or R&D expense.

Q: Where is the money going?

A: Mostly to pay for David Wheeler's mortgage and preschool for his daughter while he works full-time on making PGXN a reality.  A minority of the funding will be used for hosting and related expenses.  For more detail, see the project budget<link>.

Q: Why is David Wheeler the best person for this project?

A: David Wheeler has been driving the idea of having an extensions network in the PostgreSQL community for more than 6 months, and developed the specification and got it approved.  He's a talented Perl coder and has a lot of experience with CPAN which will be relevant to the effort.  Mostly, David Wheeler cares enough about this effort to make sure that it gets completed this year.  Other PostgreSQL Experts staff will be helping with the project as well, most notably Andrew Dunstan and Quinn Weaver.

Q: Why is this project being run by PostgreSQL Experts?

A: The PostgreSQL community currently has no precedent or staff for organizing paid code or infrastructure development through the nonprofit community.  In contrast, many of the companies associated with PostgreSQL do have that experience: 2nd Quadrant, SRA, EnterpriseDB, and PostgreSQL Experts, among others.   It is also legally unclear whether US non-profits are allowed to do this kind of project.

Q: Isn't PostgreSQL Experts making a lot of money off this?

A: No.  The current budget for this project provides no corporate profit and the compensation to David Wheeler is just barely break-even, and is a fraction of normal consulting rates.

Q: Does this conflict with Dimitri's extension module loading?

A: It compliments it.  When Dimitri finishes his project, PGXN will utilize his code for installing extensions.  PGXN is the search-and-distribution mechanism, and Dimitri is working on the installer/uninstaller.

Q: What happens if you raise more than $25,000?

A: In that unlikely event, any additional money would be used for two purposes: (a) to fund one or more PGXN servers and hosting costs for one or more years, and/or (b) to fund Dimitri's extension module project.

Q: What if you don't complete the project?

A: Donors will get refunds.  We are guaranteeing completion of the project.  To that end, each milestone is marked with a percentage of the project that milestone represents; donors will get a portion of their gifts refunded for any milestones which are not completed within 7 months of project start.
